Full documentation of AZSL & AZSLc. (#1158)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/atom-guide/dev-guide/shaders/shader-build-pipeline.md

There are a few key extensions of AZSL, which affect the shader build pipeline:

> - **Shader Resource Groups (SRGs)**: A container for application visible variables, which are defined in code with the class `ShaderResourceGroup`. SRGs can be defined in `.azsl` files as *partial SRGs*, which define only a portion of an SRG. You can combine the partial SRGs in a single `.srgi` file.<!-- Learn more about SRGs in the [AZSL Reference](azsl/reference/).DRAFT TOPIC-->

Reviewer: * Remove comment about a reference to a page. We have these docs now :) 
```suggestion
- **Shader Resource Groups (SRGs)**: A container for application visible variables, which are defined in code with the class `ShaderResourceGroup`. SRGs can be defined in `.azsl` files as *partial SRGs*, which define only a portion of an SRG. You can combine the partial SRGs in a single `.srgi` file.

  Learn more about [SRGs](/docs/atom-guide/dev-guide/shaders/azsl/#shader-resource-groups) in the AZSL section.
```

Author: Fixed.

> - **Shader variant options**: Application visible variables, which the developer can choose to compile as static constants or as regular global variables. The compiled shader code results in **shader variants**, or variations of the shader code, which minimize branching in runtime. You can specify the variants you want to pre-build in a `.shadervariantlist` file.<!-- Learn more about shader variant options in the [AZSL Reference](azsl/reference/).DRAFT TOPIC-->

Reviewer: * Remove comment about a reference to a page. We have these docs now :) 
```suggestion
- **Shader variant options**: Application visible variables, which the developer can choose to compile as static constants or as regular global variables. The compiled shader code results in **shader variants**, or variations of the shader code, which minimize branching in runtime. You can specify the variants you want to pre-build in a `.shadervariantlist` file. 

  Learn more about [shader variant options](/docs/atom-guide/dev-guide/shaders/azsl/shader-variant-options).
```
